feat: user input documentation (#120)
UnumID/UnumID.github.io: docs/reusables/credential-request-code-snippet.mdx

  required?: boolean, // @deprecated - Use mandatory field instead. If the credential is required
  mandatory?: 'yes' | 'no' | 'if_available' // if the credential is required, not required, or required if available.
  description?: string // a description field that is shown to the user; can be used to explain why the information is being requested

>   allowUserInput?: boolean // when true, the user is allowed to prompt the it's own information for the given credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allowUserInput?: boolean // when true, the user will be shown an input to add their own information if they choose.
```
